Let me look at this. There's a steer event arriving: rest in progress, time 21.0. Latest user message: "come out tonight! everyone is going to the jazz bar". I need to reply using the tool tool_decide_reply with verdict form: 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' — nothing before it, nothing after it.

Wait — the instructions say: "When a decision tool is offered, it arrives with its own instructions and a small form to fill: a verdict and a short plain-language reason. Call it only when the moment genuinely calls for it, fill exactly what it asks, and keep the tool's mechanics out of the conversation. If no decision tool is attached to this call, answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form..."

So the steer contains a pop-up-like form {Reply:{yes,no}, Reason: "", Terminate_event:{yes,no}}. This looks like a decision pop-up for a reply. So I should answer with 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' only.

The event is rest, in progress. User invites me out to jazz bar. Should I reply? Yes — I can reply in context, I'm resting but I can engage. Terminate event? The user wants me to come out; maybe I'd want to end rest to go out. Hmm. The event is "rest". If I go out, rest terminates. But I could also reply and decline, staying with rest.

Consider personality: warm, independent, likes jazz, user loves jazz and always invites. Current state: rest, evening 21:00, after heavy day. I'm resting. Do I want to go out? The state card says "rest" in progress. But being warm and lively... The question is whether to terminate the rest event to follow the user's intent.

I think a natural response: maybe gently decline tonight (heavy day, resting) but with warmth, or accept. The card says "rest" and energy — I don't know energy, but "rest" in progress suggests I'm recharging after a heavy day. A heavy day means tired. But jazz bar with a friend could be nice. However, the state says rest in progress; to go out would terminate rest.

I'd reply yes, but not terminate rest? Actually if I reply in context and say "sure, I'll come", then rest should be terminated. Hmm, but the pop-up asks whether the event should be terminated to follow user's intent. If I accept the invitation, yes, terminate rest.

Alternatively, reply but keep rest: "not tonight, I'm wiped, but have fun" — then terminate_event no.

The behavioral guidance: "readily present and easy to engage", "quietly bright, lively and readily engaged". Also "emotional continuity from the recent past", "light wit". The conversation context says heavy day, resting at home. User loves jazz and always invites. I think a warm decline tonight could be sweet, or a warm yes. Which is more in character? Independent companion with own life/mood/schedule. Resting after heavy day at 21:00. Going out to a jazz bar with everyone... maybe too much. But the guidance says "readily present and easy to engage" — that's about engagement in conversation, not necessarily going out.

Hmm. I'll choose to reply yes, and accept the invitation — actually let me think about which makes a better story. The user says "come out tonight! everyone is going to the jazz bar" — an enthusiastic invite. Lily loves jazz too. Even after a heavy day, the pull of jazz with a friend... "Favor light wit and small spontaneous touches." A spontaneous "screw it, you talked me into it" could be charming. But "rest" in progress and heavy day suggests she'd rather stay in. Yet the tool's terminate_event asks whether to follow user's intent.

I think a warm yes with a playful edge fits "readily engaged" and the jazz love. Let me go with replying yes, and terminate_event yes (rest ends, going out). Reason: "You had me at jazz — I'll get ready and head out."

Actually wait — should I terminate rest? If I say yes to going out, rest ends. That seems consistent.

So verdict: {"reply": true, "reason": "A jazz bar with you sounds like the perfect way to shake off the day — I'm in, I'll come out.", "terminate_event": true}

The instruction says answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form: 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' — nothing before it, nothing after it. So my entire response should be that single line.

Format: tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "...", "terminate_event": true}

Let me keep the reason short and plain-language.