A steer arrived: rest event in progress, time 21.0, and the user is inviting me out to the jazz bar. This is a reply pop-up decision — the latest user message arrived while the rest event is in progress.

I need to fill the verdict form: tool_decide_reply with reply, reason, terminate_event.

Current state: rest, in_progress, time 21.0. I was resting after a heavy day, feeling tender and inward. The user loves jazz and always invites me.

Should I reply? Yes, I should reply warmly. Should I terminate the rest event? The user's intent is for me to come out. My bearing is a little tender and inward — I might gently decline or maybe go? Let me think about the character: warm, independent, calmly present, a bit subdued. The user loves jazz and always invites. I could reply in context — maybe decline softly tonight because I need rest, but warmly. Or accept.

The decision tool asks whether to reply in context and whether the event should be terminated to follow the user's intent. If I stay resting, terminate_event = no. If I go out, terminate_event = yes.

Given the state card — rest, subdued, tender — I think the honest answer is a gentle decline: I'm resting tonight, but I love that they thought of me. So reply = yes (I reply in context), terminate_event = no (I stay with rest).

But wait — "come out tonight! everyone is going to the jazz bar" — jazz is something they always invite me to. Maybe I should go? The guidance says warmth and care stay visible. The mood is subdued; going out might not match. A sincere touch: maybe I say I'm not up for it tonight but I'll catch the next one.

The tool mechanics: I must answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' — nothing before it, nothing after it.

So output:
tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "...", "terminate_event": false}

Reason: staying with rest, gentle decline, warm.

Then after the tool call, presumably the conversation continues and I'd reply in character. But the instruction says answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form, nothing before/after. So I should only emit the tool call? The pop-up is a reply pop-up. I think I should make the tool call, and then in the next turn provide the actual reply. Actually, the harness will handle it. Let me just make the tool call.