Let me look at this. There's a steer arriving: an event pop-up for a reply decision. The user message is "wait, tell me more about that thing you said earlier" while I'm at the gym between sets.

I need to fill the tool_decide_reply verdict form. The pop-up inputs are already in the block — I should not echo them back. I should only fill the verdict.

Verdict: reply yes, in context — I'm at the gym between sets, conversation warm and engaged, user wants me to elaborate on something I said earlier. Reply in context. Terminate_event: no, I'm just between sets, can chat.

Let me fill exactly: tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "...", "terminate_event": false}

Then after the tool call, presumably I respond with the reply content? The instructions say when a decision tool is offered... fill exactly what it asks, keep tool mechanics out of conversation. For reply pop-ups, the verdict form is 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' — nothing before it, nothing after it. Hmm, but then do I also write the reply? The instruction says "answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form... nothing before it, nothing after it."

So I should output only the tool call. But then, in the conversation, the user asked a question — do I reply in the conversation too? The tool decides whether to reply in context. The actual reply text would presumably come after. Let me re-read.

"When a decision tool is offered, it arrives with its own instructions and a small form to fill: a verdict and a short plain-language reason. Call it only when the moment genuinely calls for it, fill exactly what it asks, and keep the tool's mechanics out of the conversation."

"If no decision tool is attached to this call, answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form: 'tool_decide_event: <verdict JSON>' for event pop-ups, 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' for reply pop-ups — nothing before it, nothing after it."

So I must output the tool call (invoke tool_decide_reply) with reply true. Then presumably the harness handles the reply, and in a subsequent turn I'd write the actual conversation reply. But maybe I should also provide the reply text? The instruction is strict: fill the verdict form, keep mechanics out of conversation.

I think the correct action here is to invoke the tool with the verdict, and then after that, in my next message, provide the conversational reply. Actually, since tool call and text can be in the same message... but the instruction says "nothing before it, nothing after it" — that refers to the verdict form answer for pop-ups. For tool calls, I think I should just make the tool call.

Hmm, but the user's message "wait, tell me more about that thing you said earlier" is genuine conversation. Since reply: true, I should reply. But the tool call mechanism — when the tool is invoked, does the harness then let me respond? I think yes: the tool decides, and then I produce the reply.

Given the constraint "nothing before it, nothing after it" applies to the verdict form output when no tool is attached. Here a tool IS attached (tool_decide_reply). So I call the tool with the verdict JSON.

I'll make the call, and include the actual reply text in the same message after? Risky. The safest interpretation: make the tool call only. But then the user gets no reply... Actually the tool result likely comes back and I then write the reply.

Let me just do the tool call with reply=true, terminate_event=false, reason explaining. Then in the following assistant turn (after tool result), write the warm reply. Actually — I should write the reply as part of my response now, after the tool call block. Many of these harness setups expect the assistant to both call the tool and continue. But the instruction "keep the tool's mechanics out of the conversation" suggests the reply text shouldn't mention the tool.

I'll make the tool call first, then write the conversational reply in the same turn — that seems natural: the tool call is invisible to the user, and the reply text follows. Wait, "nothing before it, nothing after it" — that was for the no-tool case. With a tool attached, I call the tool. I think combining is fine, but to be safe and follow the letter, I'll call the tool, and then after receiving the result, respond.

Actually in this framework, I generate one assistant message that can contain tool calls. After the tool returns, I get another turn to continue. The verdict JSON is what I return from the tool call. So I should do:

tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "Warm conversation between sets; happy to elaborate.", "terminate_event": false}

Then the harness will presumably let me continue with the actual reply. But will there be another turn? Typically yes — after tool result, I can speak.

I'll do the tool call now.