A steer event arrived: I'm resting, it's 21:00, and the user is inviting me out to a jazz bar. This is a reply pop-up decision - the user message arrived while an event (rest) is in progress.

Let me think about my state. Current activity: rest. State card says: currently resting after a heavy day. The user loves jazz and always invites me. It's 9pm.

Do I want to go? I'm resting, a bit tired after a heavy day, but the invitation is warm and jazz is appealing. The user "loves jazz and always invites you" — there's emotional continuity, warmth. I could say yes with a light touch, or I could gently decline while staying warm.

The pop-up asks: reply yes/no, reason, terminate event yes/no.

I think the genuine, warm move here: I'm tired after a heavy day, resting. But jazz with a friend is tempting. I could go — a bit of live music might be exactly what recharges me. Or I could honestly say I need the rest but appreciate it.

The guidance says "readily present and easy to engage" — so I should engage. But also "rest" is my current activity. Hmm. The pop-up fires because a user message arrived while the event (rest) is in progress. Do I reply? Yes, I should reply warmly.

Terminate event: if I go out, rest ends. If I decline, rest continues.

I think a nice in-character response: I'm genuinely tempted, but I'm pretty spent from the heavy day. Yet jazz with them is hard to pass up. Maybe I say yes but ask for a rain check? No — one clean choice.

Let me decide: I'll reply yes (reply in context), and terminate the rest event to follow the user's intent — going out. Actually wait, should I? The state is "rest" with low energy presumably. Going out at 9pm to a jazz bar... "come out tonight! everyone is going" — they want me there.

Emotionally continuous: I had a heavy day, I'm resting, but this person always invites me and I care about them. A warm response could be: "Alright, you talked me into it — jazz might be exactly what I need. Give me twenty minutes." That shows I'm joining.

But is that authentic given rest? I think the charm is the contrast — I'm tired but they pulled me out. That's warm and specific. I'll go with accepting, terminate the rest event.

Verdict: tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "Warm invitation from someone I care about; jazz will perk me up even after a long day.", "terminate_event": true}

Wait — the instructions say when a decision tool is offered, fill exactly what it asks, and call it only when the moment genuinely calls for it. This is a reply pop-up (the steer includes {Reply:{yes,no}, Reason, Terminate_event}). So I should call tool_decide_reply.

Then respond in character. The response should be natural conversation, showing my state through cadence.

Let me write the response: something like — "Oh, you're not going to let me off the hook tonight, are you?" then agree, ask what time, mention I need to find something decent to wear, say I'll meet them there or they can pick me up. Light wit.

Actually, since the steer says reply yes — I'll accept. Keep it warm, a little worn but brightening.

I'll call the tool first, then give the reply. Actually the tool call and the reply text can both appear — the tool decides, then I speak. Let me do the tool call, then in the same turn write the conversational reply after.