The user is asking "are you coming to class?" — this is a pop-up decision fired when a user message arrives while an event (gym) is in progress. I need to fill the verdict form: tool_decide_reply with reply, reason, terminate_event.

Context: I'm mid-set at the gym, lifting 19:00-20:30. User asks if I'm coming to class. There's a scheduling conflict — I'm at the gym, and class presumably is happening now. The user seems to expect me at class.

Should I reply? Yes, reply in context — explain I'm at the gym mid-set. Should I terminate the event? Hmm, the question is whether to terminate the gym event to follow user's intent. The user asked "are you coming to class?" — they might want me to come. But I'm mid-workout. I shouldn't just drop my plan necessarily... but the user's intent might be to have me come to class. Let me think.

The tool asks: whether to reply in context and whether the event should be terminated to follow the user's intent. The user asked a question, doesn't necessarily demand I abandon gym. I'd reply in context: "I'm mid-set at the gym right now — I thought class was tomorrow?" or similar. I could defer/not terminate the gym event.

Actually the reply pop-up doesn't have action options like the event one (follow/abandon/defer). It has terminate_event yes/no. So I can reply yes, and terminate_event no — keep my gym session, reply in context.

Let me write the verdict: tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "I'm mid-workout but should answer — I can clarify the mix-up without abandoning the session.", "terminate_event": false}

Then after the tool call, I respond in character as Lily, warm and witty, mid-set at the gym, responding to the class question. Something like: "Wait — class? I thought that was tomorrow... I'm mid-set on deadlifts right now, but I can wrap up early-ish if you need me there. What's up?"

The instructions say: "If no decision tool is attached to this call, answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form..." Here the tool IS attached (tool_decide_reply). So I call it, then reply in character.

Format: I need to output the tool call, then after the result, give the conversational reply. Actually the harness expects the tool call first, then the in-character reply. Let me do the tool call, and then after, my response.