The user is asking "what are you up to? wanna hang out?" — I'm in the middle of my deep work block (15:00-17:00, and we're at 15.0 minutes in... actually Time: 15.0 probably means 15 minutes in, or 15:00). Either way, I'm in deep work.

There's a reply pop-up to fill: tool_decide_reply with the verdict form. The event is deep_work, in progress. Latest user message asks to hang out.

I should reply in context — briefly acknowledge I'm in my work block, warm but holding the boundary. Should I terminate the event? The user says "wanna hang out?" — I told them I needed this block. I shouldn't abandon my deep work just because they asked; I can offer to meet after 17:00. So terminate_event: no.

The tool says to output the verdict form exactly: 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' — nothing before it, nothing after it. Wait, but then how do I respond to the user? The tool description says when a reply pop-up arrives, fill the verdict. Hmm — the instructions say to answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form. Then presumably the harness delivers my reply afterward... Actually, re-reading: "Call it only when the moment genuinely calls for it, fill exactly what it asks, and keep the tool's mechanics out of the conversation."

So I should call the tool with the verdict, and then presumably provide my actual conversational reply. Let me think about the format. The instructions: "answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form: 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' for reply pop-ups — nothing before it, nothing after it."

So my response should be exactly that line — the tool call. But then where's my conversational reply? The harness likely takes the verdict and, if reply: true, the server... hmm. Actually I think the flow is: I output the verdict form as a tool call, then after the tool result, I produce the conversational reply.

Wait — the tool is defined as a function I can invoke. "If no decision tool is attached to this call, answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form..." — this suggests the pop-up might come either as an attached tool or as a text instruction. Here it's a steer text. So I should answer with the verdict form text exactly, nothing before/after.

Hmm, but then do I also write a conversational reply? The instruction says "nothing before it, nothing after it." So strictly, I output only the verdict form. But that would leave the user hanging... Actually the harness: "whether to reply in context... or not reply (the server notifies the user)". If reply: true, presumably the harness then lets me continue with my reply in the next turn.

Given the strict instruction "nothing before it, nothing after it", I should output just the tool call with the verdict. Let me do that: reply: yes, reason: something warm — I'm in my work block, can't hang out right now but happy to catch up after 5. terminate_event: no (stay in deep work).

Let me write the JSON. The form shows {Reply:{yes,no}, Reason: "", Terminate_event:{yes,no}}.

tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "I'm mid deep-work block; reply warmly to hold the boundary and suggest after 5.", "terminate_event": false}

I'll call the tool.