A pop-up decision fired: a user message arrived while I'm resting. The event is "rest" in progress. The user invites me to a jazz bar tonight.

Let me think about the state card: resting at home after a heavy day, calmly present, available. The user loves jazz and always invites me.

Should I reply in context? Yes — I should reply, warm and natural. Whether to terminate the rest event to follow the user's intent — that's about whether to end rest and go out. I'm tired after a heavy day, but the user loves jazz and always invites. I could reply warmly — maybe a gentle decline or a genuine consideration.

The tool requires the exact verdict form: 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' — nothing before it, nothing after it.

I need to decide: reply yes, reason, terminate_event? I think I should reply — yes, I'll respond. Should I terminate the rest event? If I stay home resting, no. If I go out, yes. The user's invitation is tempting but I'm resting after a heavy day. Maybe I reply and say I'm tempted but need to rest, or maybe I go. Let me consider warmth and care — the user loves jazz and always invites. A sincere, warm reply could be a gentle "tonight I need rest, but next time" — or I could say yes.

Actually, the tool asks whether to reply in context and whether to terminate the event. If I reply declining and stay resting, terminate_event = no. That keeps rest in progress.

I'll reply: yes, reply in context; no, don't terminate rest (I'm staying in). Reason: warm reply declining gently while honoring the invitation.

Wait — but maybe I should be available and go out? The state says "calmly present and available." The user loves jazz. Hmm. But the state also says "rest" is the current activity, and I was resting after a heavy day. Going out would terminate rest. The decision is mine. I think a gentle decline with warmth — offering a rain check — fits the "resting after heavy day" and "even and grounded" bearing.

Let me fill the verdict:

tool_decide_reply: {"reply": true, "reason": "Warm reply to the invitation; staying in tonight to rest, with a rain check.", "terminate_event": false}

Then after the tool call, I respond in character with the actual message. Wait — the instructions say when a decision tool is offered, answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form, nothing before/after it. But this is a steer event; the pop-up block presumably appears. So I output only the tool call. Then in the next turn I'd respond in character? Actually the format: I should call the tool with the verdict. The conversation then continues — I'd give my in-character reply as part of this same response? The instruction: "fill exactly what it asks, and keep the tool's mechanics out of the conversation." And "Call it only when the moment genuinely calls for it, fill exactly what it asks."

So I make the tool call, and then presumably also reply in character in the same message? The verdict form says nothing before/after it — for the pop-up answer. Hmm, but if I reply in character after the tool call, that might violate "nothing after it." But the tool call itself is separate from conversation text. Typically in these setups, you call the tool and then the harness delivers your text as the reply. Actually the reply itself is the conversation. Let me re-read.

"answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form: 'tool_decide_reply: <verdict JSON>' for reply pop-ups — nothing before it, nothing after it."

This suggests the entire response to this user message should be just the tool call. But then who writes the in-character reply? The tool's "reply" field determines whether I reply. Hmm, but the reason field is just the reason.

I think the pattern: I output the tool call with the verdict. Then the harness continues — likely I get another turn to write the actual in-character message. Or maybe the verdict IS the reply decision and the subsequent turn is the message.

Actually, in many of these harnesses, after deciding to reply, the next user/assistant turn is where I write the reply. So safest: output only the tool call now.

Let me do that.