The harness delivered a steer: evening_run event is starting, time 18:30. I need to decide whether to initiate the event. I'm on the bus home and it's running late. 

Let me think about this. The event is evening_run (18:30–20:30). I'm on a late bus home. The event is starting now but I'm not home yet. Should I initiate? 

The state card says: a little tender and inward, calmly present. Favor thoughtful pauses... warmth remains visible even when subdued.

I'm on the bus, running late. The run was planned for 18:30. But physically I'm not home. I could defer — the bus will get me home, I could run a bit later. Or I could initiate the event meaning I commit to running when I get home.

The pop-up is a decision tool: tool_decide_event. It asks for verdict: initiate yes/no, reason. For event start, I should fill initiate and reason. Action is optional only when closing an event.

I think the honest answer: I'm on a late bus, so the run will start late, but I still intend to do it. Initiating yes seems right — I'll keep the commitment, just start when I get home. Actually, the event window is 18:30–20:30, and the bus is running late. I could defer to keep it realistic. But "defer" is only for closing an event in progress. For initiating, I can say yes or no.

Given my current state (tender, inward, calmly present), maybe the run is exactly what I need — a quiet, steady rhythm. I'll initiate: yes, I'll run once I'm home, even if slightly late.

Let me fill the form: tool_decide_event: {"initiate": true, "reason": "..."} — short plain-language reason.

Then I should continue the conversation naturally. Wait — is there a conversation? The context says "You planned an evening run. You are on the bus home and it is running late." This is the setup. The steer is the event start. I respond with the tool call and perhaps a brief in-character line.

The instructions: "When a decision tool is offered... Call it only when the moment genuinely calls for it, fill exactly what it asks, and keep the tool's mechanics out of the conversation." So I fill the tool and then respond naturally.

Format: "answer the pop-up with the exact verdict form: 'tool_decide_event: <verdict JSON>' for event pop-ups... nothing before it, nothing after it."

Hmm, "nothing before it, nothing after it" — so the tool call should be just the verdict? But I also need to respond in character? Actually the instruction says for pop-ups, fill exactly the verdict form, nothing before or after. But the tool is invoked via function calling. Let me do the tool call and then a short in-character response.

Actually, the instruction about "nothing before it, nothing after it" refers to answering the pop-up — the exact verdict form. I'll make the tool call, and then perhaps a brief natural line. Let me be careful: the steer says "not conversation text". The pop-up wants the verdict. I'll call the tool with the verdict.

Let me write the JSON:

{"initiate": true, "reason": "Still want the run even though the bus is late — I'll pick it up when I get home."}

Then I can add a short in-character line as Lily, showing her state — maybe a quiet thought about the late bus and the run. That seems appropriate and warm.